everybody French in here with REI
club.com door link to creative real
estate today I had a quick new video for
you explaining how to find absentee
owners and out-of-state owners now I can
all my videos everything I talked about
I included in the description below so
simply click show more you can follow
right along so let's go ahead and dive
right on the thing so before we get into
how we find these people let's talk
about who you should first be targeting
now I wrote I generated a list the first
one that list is our vacation home
owners the next one are people who have
gone through divorce who are trying to
settle their estates also properties
that have been vacant for a very long
time or probably have been sitting on
the MLS and have an average days on
market of over like a hundred two
hundred three hundred days are nearing
their expiration of their listing
expiration those are really good
targeted leads also out-of-state owners
and tired
landlords now mainly what you're looking
forward here our owners whose address
are different than the properties
address and that will usually indicate
that that's the actual owner and they
have a tenant in that property okay or
maybe it's a vacant home so as the
investor how do we go about finding
these people now the best place to get
started is the public records it's free
to you too free to access and each city
has their own online public record if
you don't know what yours is simply go
to Google type in your county followed
by public record and should easily be
the first one or two searches okay now
these are great for individual searches
not bulk searches individual searches so
if you have it address you can get a
name if you have a name you can pull up
an address and usually it gives you a
lot more information on the public
records now you can also search divorce
records estate records you can go to the
courthouse yourself to pull this
information but if you're world's really
busy individuals you always hire someone
to do it for you but what's really great
about putter is it has the tax records
which shows non-residential mailing
addresses so it gives you access to the
actual owner of a property instead of
the tenant who's living there very
helpful information and again it's free
for you to get the next thing can do is
befriend a realtor right easier said
than done but
really what you could try to do with a
trade off which is let them know like
hey by giving me a the MLS here's what
I'm trying to do these are specifically
so I'm looking for any other leads that
don't fit my criteria I'll pass them
along to you and they're gonna be
already somewhat motivated sellers so
it's gonna be a new lead for them
without having to do any work and then
for you you're gonna get access to their
MLS now this is me a nurturing process
so it's not gonna be as super easy as it
sounds but um this really does happen a
lot of the times but once you do get
access to the MLS what you're looking
for is the average days on market you
know looking for that high number and of
course the owner versus address do these
match up if not then you're heading down
the right path the next thing I want to
talk about is using a title company now
this typically works best for investors
who have already closed a few deals and
have an established relationship with a
title company now the reason why this is
great is that title cookies work with
investors all the time some that are out
of state so they're a good referral
source so they know you as a producer
you close deals with them consistently
they're more willing to provide you
information of out-of-state owners or
people who may be one to get rid of
property and the trade-off here for them
to get work working with you is you know
for any deals that you end up finding on
this referral list you're gonna close it
with that title company so it becomes a
deal that they never had before and
again you have a lead referral system so
that's how you end up working with a
title company again works best for
investors that close already a few deals
the next thing you could do our
subscription slash paid services so
you've probably already use these such
as list source com it's a very highly
filtered website that generates lists
for you to lead list for you
anything from demographic income
geo-targeting lists like it's a huge
list definitely check it out even lists
from 200 to 250 names will cost you know
between fifty to a hundred dollars very
affordable for what you're getting
also Melissa datacom is another website
you can access and of course public
records dotnet are online.com I put all
the links in the description below there
are other list services but these are
the most popular so it's an easier for
you to navigate around next and finally
I want to talk about our landlords more
specifically tired land
the best way to find properties like
this is to drive four dollars meaning
drive around neighborhoods every time
they with the family look for those for
rent signs by owner not put up by a
realtor and that will give you an
address where you can look up in the tax
records it'll give you a name you can
take that name again we already told you
to focus on individual names not
entities and it'll pull it more like
they own multiple properties it'll pull
all those properties up and boom there
you go you have more leads to work off
of you can also get the call a copy of
the eviction lists at the Jaypee courts
newspaper ads are still very effective
online and the paper ones and of course
online ad sites like craigslist green
sheets because tired landlords or will
always use these free ad services just
to kind of feel out know if anybody
wants to buy their properties now
understand that the most important thing
here is you gotta stay organized you
want to keep a organized Excel
spreadsheet if you're not good with
Excel hire a virtual assistant to
organize this for you because staying
organized is gonna be tremendously
helpful for you when you start marketing
to your leads because essentially what
you're doing here is you're building out
a very high value absentee out-of-state
owner list so just process that and
imagine how much that's worth now
building after the owners list is not as
expenses that you imagined it to be
there are many ways to start building
your list with a very little marketing
budget as we stated in this video now
with public records being so available
it really comes down to the time you
personally want to put in and the amount
of research that you want to do so it
all starts with you but it's very very
possible now again guys is friendship
with REI club.com you know I really did
enjoy I hope you enjoy the video do me a
favor leave comments below about what
you thought about the video click thumbs
up if you enjoyed it really does help us
out but most importantly if you haven't
already go ahead and subscribe to our
YouTube channel so you can keep
informing brand new videos just like
this or posted again thank you so much
for your time your continued support
then for talking next week take care get
investing and bye bye